[Heavy breathing, wheezing]
[Coughing]
Voice [over intercom]:
You made it.
You don't sound
like you're doing so hot.
We can help with that.
But first, you have to decide
if you want to be part of this.
And if so, whether
you're willing to do
what needs to be done.
To get the thing
we know you want.
[Electricity buzzing]
♪♪
[Birds calling in distance]
[Walker growling in distance]
[Growling continues]
[Walkie-talkie beeps]
Can anybody hear me?
[Static]
Is anybody out there?
Anybody?
[Baby crying]
Okay.
I got you.
I know.
You're hungry, right?
We're gonna go shopping.
Hey, look.
Should we take Mama with us?
Huh?
Grace:
♪ Sittin' in the mornin' sun♪
Look what we got.
♪ I'll be sittin' when
the evening comes♪Got it?
♪ Watchin' the ships roll in♪[Walker growling]
♪ Then I watch 'em
roll away again♪
♪ Yeah♪
♪ I'm sittin' on the dock
of the bay♪
♪ Watchin' the tide roll away♪[Growling]
♪ Ooh, I'm just sittin'
on the dock of the bay♪
♪ Wastin' time♪
♪♪
♪ I left my home in Georgia♪
♪ Headed for the Frisco Bay♪
♪ 'Cause I've had nothin'
to live for♪
♪ It look like nothin's
gonna come my way♪
♪ Mm♪
♪ Sittin' on the dock
of the bay♪
♪ Watchin' the tide roll away♪
♪ Ooh♪
♪ I'm sittin' on the dock
of the bay♪
♪ Wastin' time♪
[Gate creaks]
♪♪
[Door creaks]
[Door closes]
[Baby fussing]
It's okay.
Woman: [Muffled]
I'm here. Where are you?
Jim, where are you?
What are you doing here?
♪♪
I'm just looking
for food.
[Baby fussing]Well, I don't have any.
♪♪
Okay.
[Weapon clinks]
♪♪
How far along are you?
Oh, my name is Morgan.
This is my daughter, Mo.
♪♪
Ava.
Okay.
Ava, I think
we can help each other.
You want my help?Yeah.
Take that little girl
and get as far away
from here as you can.
Oh, I can't do that.
Not until I find her mother
and the rest of my family.
Look like you were looking
for yours, too.
♪♪
I'd reconsider.
This is no place
for kids.
♪♪
Morgan: Grace, I hope
you can hear me.
Look, I don't know
how much longer
I can keep doing this
without you.
I...
...did what you asked.
I did.
I got Mo someplace safe,
but she needs you.
She needs you,
and I need you.
'Cause I'm scared.
Scared, so I need
my family.
I need --Man: Is somebody
up there?
I could really use
some help down here!
[Zipper rasping]
Evening.
[Blow lands]
♪♪
Don't be a hero.Okay, okay.
I don't know
what you want,
but whatever it is,
we can work it out.
You gotta give me
my little girl back.
She don't belong to you,
just like all the others didn't.
Others?
What others?
The kids you took.
I did not take
anybody's kid.
Where are they?
♪♪
Just give me back my daughter,
and you will never see us again.
♪♪
Get in that hole.
Bury him.[Muffled grunt]
Morgan: Ow!
Why are you doing this?
So every other shithead
can see what happens
when they come here
and steal our kids from us.
[Morgan grunts]
That's it.
Cover him up.
It's what he deserves.Morgan: No, please.
Please!
Man: Hey![Gunshots]
[Grunting, indistinct shouting]
[Gunshots, bodies thudding]
[Baby crying]
[Woman speaking indistinctly]
[Crying continues]
Whoever you are,
thank you for saving my life.
Woman: I'm not here
to save you.
They thought I was you.
That baby is
everything to me.
I'm not gonna let you
take her.
♪♪
She's better off with me
than you.
And you'll get over it.
I did.
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
[Gunshot]
♪♪
[Inhales deeply]
Stop.
[Gun cocks]
Please, stop.
[Gunshot]
I'll kill you
if you follow us.
♪♪
[Walkers growling,
footsteps approaching]
Oriole, I'm approaching
the drop.
Do you copy?
Man: We copy.
Come on.
[Birds calling, water lapping]
[Hammer clatters]
You're late.
We found some new eggs.
Getting them
processed now.
How long is that
gonna take?
As long as it takes.
[Baby fusses]
Ready?
Hey, come on.
[Baby crying]
You hungry, baby girl?
Here you go.
[Walkie-talkie clicks]
Ava: Jim, are you out there?
Jim, can you hear me?
Do you copy?
We need you, Jim.
This baby needs you.
I got a lead on a new egg,
Oriole.
I'll leave this one
in the birdhouse
and go check it out.
Copy that.
I know you miss
your daddy,
but you're gonna be
better off without him.
[Growling]
[Walkie-talkie clicks] Jim, are you --
Jim, I need --
Hello?
Who is this?
Just someone who wants to help.
I heard your message.
Where are you?
[Walkers growling]
How do I know you're not
the one who's been taking
everybody's kids?
I'm a mother myself.
You can trust me.
I know how hard it is.
I just want my baby
to be okay.
They will. You just have to
tell me where you are.
Can you do that?
♪♪
[Growls]
[Grunting]
[Breathing heavily]
[Inhales deeply]
[Air hissing]
Are you still there?
I'll tell you where I am
if you're really gonna help me.
Of course I am.
Where are you?
You can understand what --
It's hard to know who to trust,
especially with --
Turn off the walkie.
Are you there? He--Hand over your gun.
Right now.
♪♪
You're making
a big mistake.
Not as big as the one you made
when you took my daughter.
Drop your weapon.
Turn yourself around.
♪♪
Where is she?
Somewhere you'll never
find her.
That's the wrong answer.
Where the hell's
my oxygen?
Someplace you'll never find it,
not unless you take me to her.
You don't know
who you're dealing with.
Somebody who's gonna
run out of air.
I'm the least
of your problems.
The people I'm with?
They'll kill you in ways
you can't even imagine.
If you wanna keep breathing,
you should get moving.
♪♪
You know, you can still
get out of this.
I said --
Those people?
If they find out you've
interfered with an egg --
An egg?
That's what you call the kids
that you steal?
Not stealing.
Rescuing.
From what?
Parents who think they can
give their kids what they need.
Oh, but you think
you can?
If you saw where I'm from,
you'd get it.
[Coughs weakly]
Where exactly
are you from?
And why are you taking these
kids that don't belong to you?
[Inhales deeply]
Voice [over intercom]:
Have you considered our offer?
I'll do what you asked.
But you have to hold up
your end of the deal.
[Coughs]
We will.
How do I know?
The only reason you're still
breathing is because of us.
What's your name?
[Breathing heavily]
Madison.
Not anymore.
We will tell you who you're
going to be from now on.
♪♪
We're too late.
And what does that mean?
She's already rescued.
My people came sooner
than I expected.
No.
[Dramatic music plays]
♪♪
You kidding me?
Are you with PADRE?
♪♪
What do you know
about PADRE?
Let's move.
Let's go.
♪♪
Which way
would they go?
That baby's better off
without you.
You don't get to decide
what's best for my family.
I already did.
I used to be
just like you.
[Walker growling]
♪♪
[Grunting]
You are nothing like me.
Not anymore.
[Grunting]
♪♪
Get off me.
Let me go.
[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
Oh, dear God.
You're Madison Clark.
How do you know
my name?
Jesus.
Your kids.
Your kids told me.You're full of shit.
No, you died.
That's what they said,
and I saw the stadium.
My kids...
they're alive?
♪♪
I will tell you
everything I know,
in exchange
for my daughter.Yeah.
There's only one way PADRE's
ever gonna give her back to you.
You're gonna have to help me
rescue someone else's kid.
Take the place
of yours.
No, I'm not doing that.
The kid's gonna be
better off.
What, there's no other way
to give them what they want
without taking some child
away from its family?
There isn't. No.
[Coughing]
♪♪
What if the kid
isn't born yet?
Would PADRE be interested
in somebody who's pregnant?
Maybe.
Because that woman
you were talking to
on the walkie is pregnant,
and she's not doing
so good.
♪♪
And I know where she is.
You sure you're ready
to go down that road?
Will I get
my daughter back?
Yeah, you will.
And PADRE -- they'll be able
to look after her
and her baby, right?Yeah.
Then I'm not taking a child
away from its mother, so...
♪♪
...so yeah.
[Inhales deeply]
♪♪
You get smoke
in your lungs
trying to escape
from that stadium?
Is that why
you need this?
Something like that.
Way I heard it,
there was no way
you could have gotten out
of that place alive.
I'm full of surprises.
What else did my kids
tell you?
Oh, quite a bit.
And you are not
what I imagined.
You don't know anything.
You're stealing kids.Rescuing.
Oh, is that you talking,
or PADRE?
What do you know
about PADRE?
You didn't answer
my question before.
I know they're putting out
radio messages.
I know that
nobody can find them,
and I know that Alicia
was looking for them.
Why was Alicia looking
for them?
I'm not telling you anything
more until I get my kid back.
You think you're doing
the right thing,
fighting to get her back,
but she's in the right place.
Believe me.
Why?
Because we can give her
a life people like you can't.
People like me?
Parents.
You couldn't even
feed her.
I would've found food.
Well, it looked to me like you
were barely scraping by
out there
on your own.
It's my daughter.
Her mother --
she's coming.
[Sighs] What difference
is that gonna make?
You don't know
what we endured, okay?
We survived the bombs.
You were in Galveston?
Nick and Alicia
were there too?
I told you --
I'm not telling you
anything more about them.
I'm just saying that
our family have gotten
through worse than this.
Family is not the answer.
It's the problem.
That's what PADRE's
figured out.
That's why what they're building
is different.
You're the woman who put her
life on the line for her family.
What the hell
happened to you?
Is this the place?
Yeah, this is it.
So, what now?
We go in,
we tell her the truth.
And what's that?That we'll take her
to a place
where her baby
will be taken care of.
And then what happens to her
after her baby's born?
She doesn't need
to know.
I need to know.
No, you don't.
How can you do this
to people?
You get used to it.
[Inhales deeply]
I did what you asked.
Now it's your turn.
[Breathing heavily]
Voice [over intercom]:
More.
What did you say?
One time isn't enough.
We're gonna need you
to keep doing it.
♪♪
Morgan: Ava?
Ava, you there?
What are you
doing here?
Hey.
I, um...
I found somebody
I think can help.
Who are you?We spoke on the walkie.
Morgan told me
where you were.
I just want Jim.
Is that
the baby's father?
This house, it belonged
to my family.
I was born here.
I thought
I'd be safe here.
Well, we can help you
and your baby.
How?
Place I'm from, it's safe,
it's good people.
It's the kind of place a kid
would dream about growing up.
Sounds too good
to be true.
It's for real.
It's the best shot our kids
have for a future.
They even got Morgan's kid
in there, don't they, Morgan?
Morgan:
Yeah, that's right.
I didn't think it was possible
for a place like it to exist,
but it does.
What's it called?
PADRE.
I'll get my things.
Tell me what's gonna happen
to her once the baby's born.
A little late,
don't you think?
Well, you didn't
answer before.
So, what happens?
You know -- otherwise you would
have pressed for an answer.
They get split up.
And why is that?
Because that's
how PADRE works.Yeah, but why?
How does that give the kids
their best shot?
You're looking at this
all wrong.
The way we see each other,
the things we do for each other,
PADRE's rewritten the book
on all of it.
And what does that
look like?
No attachments.
No connections.
I'm not doing this.
I've seen a mother
lose her baby once before.
I don't want to see that
ever again.
Then you'll never see
your daughter again.
♪♪
Everything alright?
Yeah.
It is for me.
♪♪
How about you, Morgan?
No, everything's fine.
It's fine.
We should just get you to PADRE.
That's what we should do.
Okay. Yeah.
♪♪
[Indistinct voices]
Shit.
What?
They found me.
Is there a back way
out of here?
Why are they
after you?
I pissed them off trying
to save some kids.
Now how the hell
do we get out of here?
Yeah, follow me.
♪♪
[Growling]
Madison:
Wait. Wait.
Come on.
We gotta keep going.
[Inhales deeply]
Let me have it.
No way.
Come on.
The beach is this way.
[Grunts]
[Growling]
♪♪
You okay?I'm fine.
Oh, you're hurt.
Did you get bit?
No, it's from the vines.
I'm good to keep moving.
Come on.
Aah!
Oh, we gotta stop.
If they catch up with us,
they're gonna kill us.
If something happens
to this baby because of us --
I'm fine. It's fine.
Let's just go. Please.
He's right.
If something happens,
it's on me.
Where can we go?
There?
That crypt?
Ava: Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, come on.
[Ava groans]
♪♪
Okay.
Let's get that closed.
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
[Doors creak, bang]
Here.
[Scraping]
♪♪
It's gonna be okay.
What's that?Heart rate monitor.
Just to make sure
nothing's wrong.
I'm fine. Really.
The baby's fine, too.
Just --
Who was out there?
Who's after you?
[Device beeps, whirs]
What is it?
I can't get
a heartbeat.
PADRE --
they have doctors?
Yes.
Morgan:
Then get them here.
Listen. Stop.
You're making this worse.
[Whirring continues]
Can't hear it?
You can't hear the heartbeat?
No.
[Whirring stops]
So keep looking.
She's not pregnant.
She never was.
I don't understand.
She's tricking us.
Why?
To get me to take you to PADRE?
Is that what you thought
would happen?
Is that true?
Are you not pregnant?
Oh, it doesn't matter.
Tie her up.
Leave her some food and water.
She'll only slow us down.
You really don't remember?
♪♪
You took my daughter.
A year ago.
♪♪
Told me
it was for the best.
♪♪
Oh, shit, you
really don't remember.
She was 6.
Her name was Odessa.
She cried when you pulled her
from me on the beach.
What she told you --
it's not true.
He knows exactly
what's going on.
We still have time to get out
of here before they find us.
You need me to take me
to her.
Your plan never
would've worked.
They'd have checked
for a heartbeat
before we got on the boat.
They'd have checked for one
when we arrived.
every day you were there.
I need to see her.
She needs to see me.
If she's not pregnant
and there's no baby,
how are we
getting Mo back?
♪♪
We're not.
Even with a trade,
there was no guarantee.
You were gonna trade me
for your kid?
You told me that
we would get her back.
I said we might.
♪♪
Hey.
You need to find a way
to get me to my kid,
or you will never know
where your children are.
You think
that's a threat?
I want my kid.
And you want yours.
That's the thing,
Morgan.
I don't want
to find them.
♪♪
I'm never gonna
see them again.
And that's okay.
I told you
I got over it before.
I wasn't lying.
No.
No, you are just saying that,
and we had a deal.
So I could get
what I wanted from you,
which was her.
♪♪
Why else would you be doing
all of this?
♪♪
[Inhales deeply]
Voice [over intercom]:
Not yet.
We need you to rescue more.
♪♪
Ava:
You have kids?
♪♪
We're all doing what we're doing
for our own reasons.
You know them?You really can't help me?
Be smart.
Let's go before they find us.
Whoa!
Easy now!
[Air hissing, canister clanking]
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
First thing in my
grand-daddy's will.
To be buried with his
favorite hunting gun.
Said he wanted to be prepared
in case he didn't end up
in front
of the pearly gates.
I don't think
you will, either.
[Door rattling, walker growling]
Let's just take it easy.
I know you're angry, but we
gotta get out of here alive.
Only way we're gonna
find our kids, right?
I have another way.
You might not want to see
your kids,
but I don't think
you want them to die.
♪♪
Are you there?
The ones looking
for the collector?
Man: Who's this?
Someone like you.
Someone she stole
a child from.
What do you want?
I just found a way to motivate
her to do what we want.
But I'm gonna need
your help.
I'm listening.It's not gonna work.
♪♪
Tell him
where her kids are.
I can't help you.
Where I'm from, they don't
give a shit what I think.
I'm waiting.
What is it?
You better find a way
to make them.
You heard me.
Tell him
where her kids are.
Tell him where to find
her goddamn kids!
I can't.I will shoot you.
And your daughter
will never see you again.
So just tell him
where they are.
She's right.
This is not gonna work.
Why not?Because...
Because
they're already dead.
I'm sorry.
I really am.
But your kids...
they're gone.
Hey!
You said they were alive.
You said you knew
where they were.
I said that so I'd get
what I wanted from you.
You're lying.I wouldn't lie about
something like that.
You don't know anything
about my kids.
You never did.I do.
Madison, I do.
I know
that Nick got shot.
♪♪
Victor, Alicia,
Luciana --
we were all there
when it happened.
We buried him ourselves.
[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
And Alicia?
She got bit by a walker
not so long ago.
She had to amputate,
took her own arm off,
but she didn't do it in time,
and the infection set in.
But she fought it for months,
longer than anybody I know.
But the last time
I saw her --
Ah!
...last time
I spoke to her...
No.
...the last time
I talked to her...
♪♪
...she was close
to the end.
[Sobs] No.
♪♪
I'm sorry.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
At least 30 walkers
out there.
More on the way.
Man [over walkie-talkie]:
Are you there?
I repeat --
are you there?
They're still waiting
on your deal.
Ava: They could still
get us out.
Why aren't you answering?
We're willing
to make that deal.
You can't give them
what you promised.
They're liable to kill us.
They already tried to kill me.
Did she hurt you?
Where are --[Switch clicks]
How long
before they find us?
Property's big.
If they're still at the house,
it could take hours.
Walkers ain't gonna make it
easy for us.
We're gonna have to fight
our way through 'em
and hope we get out
before the posse finds us.
It's gonna take
all of us.
Madison,
we're gonna need you.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't
tell you the truth
about your kids
at the beginning.
I just did
what I thought I had to.
[Growling continues,
doors rattling]
What were they doing
when they died?
♪♪
Nick was going through
a bad patch when I met him.
Alicia, too.
They thought
that you were gone.
But he was making
the first steps
towards something better,
you know,
and, well,
that's when it happened.
♪♪
A-Alicia --
how did she get bit?
The bombs we were
talking about --
she was trying to stop them
from going off.
She survived
the explosion.
She helped me,
my little girl,
and some people
that we cared about
escape the fallout, and...
♪♪
Like I said, she fought
the infection
for as long
as she could.
But you didn't
see her die?
I did not.
I had to leave with Mo.
She could still be
out there.
People don't survive bites.
Yeah, but Alicia was different.
We know that.
Maybe she found a way.
Even if she did,
I don't want to find her.
♪♪
Why?
Voice [over intercom]:
We think it's time.
You've rescued more children
than any other Collector.
We'll help you
find yours now.
♪♪
No.
I don't want to find them.
♪♪
I was willing to die
at the stadium,
so my kids
could see what --
what I was building
was worth fighting for.
But if they knew what I was
doing to find them...
PADRE played me
from the start.
Made me do things
I didn't want to,
so when I could finally
get them back, I'd say no.
If you didn't want
to find them,
why are you still
taking kids for PADRE?
Because I knew what they'd do
if I walked away.
What?They'd find
Nick and Alicia
and make them do
what I wouldn't anymore.
But I don't have to worry
about that now.
[Growling continues]
[Doors banging]
I wish I knew that
before I took your daughter.
[Gunfire]
The posse.They found us.
They get through that door,
they're gonna kill us both.
Man: Open up.
We know you're in there.
She saved me once before.
They think
we're working together.
If we give her up,
maybe they'll spare you.
No, we need her to get our kids,
and so do they.
I don't think they're gonna
see it that way.
[Doors rattle]
Man: If you're hiding her,
we're gonna have a problem.
♪♪
Let them in, Morgan.
Don't sacrifice yourself
for me.
I'm not doing it
for you.
I'm doing it so you can get
my daughter back for me.
I can't get
your daughter back.
I can't get yours back, either.
I can't undo any of this.
Yes, you can.
You just need to find a reason.
[Banging]Man: Hey!
Open the door!
Morgan.They're gonna kill you.
There's only one way to
show them you're not with me.
Man:
Open the damn door!
Okay, wait!
Just wait.
♪♪
We're gonna open the door.
We're gonna hand her
over to you.
Sorry.
It's the only way to live
to see your daughter one day.
♪♪
[Bench scraping]
Hands where we can
see them.
♪♪
Remember me?
You took my boy
last winter.
♪♪
You'll remember me now.
Get up.
And start digging.
High tide's in less
than two hours.
♪♪
You made the right call.
Morgan:
What did you do to her?
Wilt: Left her to watch
the tide come in.
Worse when you can
see it coming.
What'd she tell you?Not much.
But she didn't need to.
We found this
in her pack.
We know when they're coming
to pick her up.
Put it on.
Why would I do that?
We're gonna surprise
her friends at the beach.
Bury them all in the sand
if we have to.
Someone will talk.
Someone will tell us
where our kids are.
There a problem?
This is not gonna get
our kids back.
This is gonna get
everybody killed.
Let him go.
That's not
how this works.
They took our kids.
So why are we fighting
each other?
Just let him go.
You know what happens
if you get in our way.
I know. I won't.
Don't go with them.
You don't have to.
I have to get
to my kid, Morgan.
I have to do something.
Odessa lost this the day
before Madison took her.
I promised I'd find it
and I'd get it back to her.
I'm not gonna break
that promise.
I know.
♪♪
[Groans lightly]
[Breathing heavily]
[Coughing]
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
[Baby crying]
♪♪
[Growling]
[Wheezing]
You don't deserve
to go out like this.
I told you,
I can't help you.
That's not why I'm here.
♪♪
You know, when I met your kids,
I was in a place
not too different
from where you are now.
I wanted to get away
from everything and everybody.
But meeting Nick
and Alicia,
seeing what you had
given them,
they were a big part of
when things started
turning around for me.
So, in a way,
I kinda owe you.
So, I think you should
show the people
who did this to you
that they're wrong.
You can fight for the people
you care about
without losing
yourself.
I can't.
Hey.
No one's gone
until they're gone.
Alicia said that was
something you used to say.
That's the thing.
Everything I've done --
I amgone.
[Coughs]
Hang on.
I got your tanks.
[Wheezing]
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
Oh, dear God,
they're all...
♪♪
I told them not to go
to the dock.
♪♪
Hang on, Madison!
[Weakly] Morgan.
Morgan!
[Growling]
♪♪
No. No, no.
Morgan!
Never should've
pulled you into this.
[Growling]
Morgan.
♪♪
I'm sorry.
[Inhales deeply]
What the hell was that?
She's dead because
of something I did.
Not gonna see her daughter
because of me.
No, she's dead
because of PADRE.
You were just ready
to give up.
What's changed?
I'm gone, Morgan.
I'm gone, but you're not.
♪♪
I'll help you get
to your daughter.
I'll help you show PADRE
they're wrong.
And then what?
I don't know.
But I wasn't lying.
The only way
you're gonna get to PADRE...
♪♪
...is if you take them
another child.
There's gotta be
another way.
♪♪
There isn't.
No, there is.
♪♪
It just means
we can't fail.
♪♪
Guard: Who's he?
Collector.
He has something to offer.
I don't see anything.
Morgan:
I got information.
There's rafts out there
with people on them.
What kind of people?
Ones we might want.There's children.
Pregnant woman.
I can tell you more, but, um,
you gotta let me go with you.
♪♪
Get in.
Where the hell
are we going?
Where is PADRE?
Been meaning
to tell you.
♪♪
I don't know.